add quantization-related APIs documentation section (#4068)
uxlfoundation/oneDNN: doc/programming_model/attributes_quantization.md

@anchor dgaq_intro
## Introduction

Some primitives support input and output tensors with `int8` data types,
both signed and unsigned, enabling reduced-precision inference on
supported hardware.

> Similarly, some primitives support [OFP8-compliant f8 types][fp8-standard] (8-bit

Reviewer: This is the first mention of OFP, so it's the place to introduce the acronym.

parameters are passed as input to the oneDNN primitives at execution
time.

### Dynamic Quantization

The only formula for dynamic quantization currently supported by
oneDNN is with scales computed following the

> [Open Compute Project Microscaling (MX) Formats Specification][mx-spec], namely:

Reviewer: No need to expand the acronyms here.

                                      quantization_mode qmode = quantization_mode::static_sazp);

// Convenience method for single host-side scalar
void dnnl::primitive_attr::set_host_scale(int arg,
                                          dnnl::memory::data_type data_type = dnnl::memory::data_type::f32);
~~~

Key parameters of the scaling API methods are summarized below:

| Parameter | Options* | Description |
|:----------|:--------|:------------|
| `arg` | `DNNL_ARG_SRC`, `DNNL_ARG_WEIGHTS`, `DNNL_ARG_DST`, `DNNL_ARG_BIAS` | Tensor to scale |
| `mask` | `0`, `1<<dim`, `(1<<d1)+(1<<d2)` | Scaling granularity: global, per-dimension, multi-dimensional |
| `groups` | `{}`, `{G}`, `{G1,G2,...}` | Block quantization: none, single-size, multi-dimensional blocks |
| `data_type` | `f32`, `bf16`, `f16`, `f8_e5m2`, `f8_e4m3`, `e8m0` | Scaling factor data type |
| `is_on_host` | `true`/`false` | Host vs device memory location of scaling factor |
| `qmode` | `static_sazp`, `dynamic_mx` | Quantization mode: static with scales and zero-points, dynamic (MXFP8 compatible) |

(*) Options listed are examples of common ones, refer to the API reference

> and primitive documentation for the list of supported ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(*) Support for quantization options varies based on individual primitive and target hardware. Refer to primitives documentation for the details.
```

~~~cpp
dnnl::primitive_attr attr;
attr.set_host_scale(DNNL_ARG_DST,
           dnnl::memory::data_type::f32);

attr.set_host_zero_point(DNNL_ARG_DST,
           dnnl::memory::data_type::s32);
~~~

See examples:
- @ref matmul_with_host_scalar_scale_cpp

### Precomputed Reductions

Precomputed reductions could help optimize performance for Large Language Models (LLM).

When using block-wise zero-points for quantized weights, the library must compute
reductions over the source tensor during matrix multiplication. This involves
summing source tensor values across groups along the reduction dimension:

\f[
\dst_{m,n}=\sum_{g=0}^{G-1}\sum_{k={K\over{G}}g}^{{K\over{G}}(g+1)-1}{\src_{m,k}(\weights_{k,n}-zp_{\weights}(g,n))}=\sum_{k=0}^{K-1}{\src_{m,k}\weights_{k,n}}-\sum_{g=0}^{G-1}zp_{\weights}(g,n)\underbrace{\sum_{k={K\over{G}}g}^{{K\over{G}}(g+1)-1}\src_{m,k}}_{R_{m,g}}
\f]

where `R` represents the precomputed reductions that can be calculated
externally when quantizing the source tensor,
therefore removing the need for the library to compute them at runtime.

The library uses @ref dev_guide_attributes API for setting precomputed reductions.

> The supporting attributes can be found in the documentation for each primitive.

Reviewer 2: This sentence would be misleading as there's no such information in matmul - the only one primitive that supports this attribute... If you could take care of that, it would be really cool!

Author: ooh, good point, I didn't notice matmul didn't get an update, fixed in https://github.com/uxlfoundation/oneDNN/pull/4068/commits/bd3dd7c86050dab356fa0961b2d848d3d9015fbf :)
